Girl, just trust me
I hope you're not lying to me.
Lord Zhou
What do you think?
Someone is using you as a pawn
Aren't you curious who this person is?
Besides, my conditions
There is no honesty for you.
Okay, I'll cooperate with your divorce.
Boss Zhou
Wait a minute.
Your jade Buddha statue is fake.
Orchard
Why do you say my jade Buddha statue is fake?
Why is it really with me?
That's fake
Say boss what did you say
What is the orchard?
He became my brother.
It's you who swapped the fake Buddha statue
Take this to plant the mud injury festival
But your trajectory has long been seen through by us
I made a bet with Boss Zhou
The bet is you'll jump out
Planted fiber cancer mud wound joint
Forgive me unlimited
Fruit swap
What proof do you have to prove that I switched bags?
I think you're a bunch of nonsense
Framing me
You want evidence?